1. What is the difference between flex and grids?
Grid Layout, is a two-dimensional grid-based layout system with rows and columns, making it easier 
to design web pages without having to use floats and positioning. 
Like tables, grid layout allow us to align elements into columns and rows.

CSS Flexbox offers a one-dimensional layout. It is helpful in allocating and aligning the space among items in a container (made of grids). 
It works with all kinds of display devices and screen sizes.

2. Give an example of where we have to use grids and where we have to use flexbox?
CSS grid is for layout, flexbox is for alignment.
the main idea of a one-dimensional layout system does not make sense when you need to build a more complex layout design.
For your layout, use CSS grid, for alignment of your elements, use flexbox.

3. What does @media do?
The @media rule is used in media queries to apply different styles for different media types/devices.
Media queries can be used to check many things, such as:

width and height of the viewport
width and height of the device
orientation (is the tablet/phone in landscape or portrait mode?)
resolution

4. What are the differences between relative and absolute in CSS?
In a nutshell …
position: relative places an element relative to its current position without changing the layout around it,
whereas position: absolute places an element relative to its parent’s position and changing the layout around it.

5. What is scoping?
The scope is the current context of execution in which values and expressions are "visible" or can be referenced. If a variable or expression is not in the current scope, it will not be available for use.
Scopes can also be layered in a hierarchy, so that child scopes have access to parent scopes, but not vice versa.

6. What are closures?  Few Common Uses for closures:

Closure means that an inner function always has 
access to the vars and parameters of its outer function, even after the outer function has returned.

7. What are the pros and cons of using Promises instead of callbacks?​
Here are the pros of using promises over callbacks:
Better defined and organized control flow of asynchronous logic.
Highly reduced coupling.
We have integrated error handling.
Enhanced readability.

It kills the purpose of asynchronous non-blocking I/O.
Only one object can be returned.
We cannot return multiple arguments

8. What is DOM?
DOM is object oriented representation of a web page,
It represents the XML & HTML elements in a tree structure so that scripting laguages like JavaScript can easily access and
modify the content .

9. Difference between Img & Picture tag.
Suppose you use a simple Img tag for high-res images. In that case, that same image is used in each device your 
application runs, and indeed it will result in performance issues in devices with lower screen resolutions like mobile devices.
This issue can be easily addressed with thepicture tag by using srcset and sizes attributes.
& Picture tag is useful in Art Direction.
The main idea behind Art Direction is to display different images based on the screen sizes of the device. 
With picture tag, we can easily achieve resolution switching by using multiple source tags inside the picture tag.

10. Difference between ‘function declaration’ and ‘function expression’ in JavaScript
Function Declaration:- 
* A function declaration must have a function name
* Function declaration does not require a variable assignment.
* The function in function declaration can be accessed before and after the function definition.
* Function declarations are hoisted.

Function Expression:-
* A function expression is similar to a function declaration without the function name.
* Function expressions can be stored in a variable assignment.
* The function in function expression can be accessed only after the function definition.
* Function expressions are not hoisted
